Added custom user inputted timeout (#1155)
actions/toolkit: packages/cache/README.md

const cacheKey = await cache.restoreCache(paths, key, restoreKeys)
```

##### Cache segment restore timeout

> Starting `v3.0.5` of `actions/toolkit`, in case any issue occurs while downloading the cache, the download will be aborted by default within 1 hour if any `segment` doesn't download completely. A `segment` is limited to size of `1GB` for a `32-bit` runner and `2GB` for a `64-bit` runner. So for any cache that exceeds the size of one segment, multiple segments will be downloaded in sequence to complete the download.

Reviewer: Put the version of cache action as that is what is visible to users. Toolkit is an internal concept.

Author: I plan to put a similar readme in `actions/cache` where we can put the actions/cache version. I can remove the version from readme if its not needed. I just felt documenting the version in readme will be helpful for the readers of this readme file.

Reviewer: Ah this is toolkit README. My bad. This is good. But we should add same section in cache action readme as well.

Author: Yes!

> Starting `v3.0.5` of `actions/toolkit`, in case any issue occurs while downloading the cache, the download will be aborted by default within 1 hour if any `segment` doesn't download completely. A `segment` is limited to size of `1GB` for a `32-bit` runner and `2GB` for a `64-bit` runner. So for any cache that exceeds the size of one segment, multiple segments will be downloaded in sequence to complete the download.

Reviewer: Version vXXX of cache action introduces a segment download timeout. A cache gets downloaded in multiple segments of fixed sizes (`1GB` for a `32-bit` runner and `2GB` for a `64-bit` runner). Sometime a segment download gets stuck which causes the workflow job to be stuck. The timeout will allow the segment download to get aborted and hence allowing the job to proceed with cache miss.

Default value of this timeout is 1 hour and can be customized by specifying an [environment variable](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/environment-variables) named `SEGMENT_DOWNLOAD_TIMEOUT_MINS`.

Author: Made the changes

> Version `v3.0.4` of cache package introduces a segment download timeout. A cache gets downloaded in multiple segments of fixed sizes (`1GB` for a `32-bit` runner and `2GB` for a `64-bit` runner). Sometimes, a segment download gets stuck which causes the workflow job to be stuck forever and fail. The segment download timeout will allow the segment download to get aborted and hence allow the job to proceed with a cache miss.

Reviewer: A small change
```suggestion
A cache gets downloaded in multiple segments of fixed sizes (`1GB` for a `32-bit` runner and `2GB` for a `64-bit` runner). Sometimes, a segment download gets stuck which causes the workflow job to be stuck forever and fail. Version `v3.0.4` of cache package introduces a segment download timeout. The segment download timeout will allow the segment download to get aborted and hence allow the job to proceed with a cache miss.
```

> Default value of this timeout is 1 hour and can be customized by specifying an [environment variable](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/environment-variables) named `SEGMENT_DOWNLOAD_TIMEOUT_MINS`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default value of this timeout is 60 minutes and can be customized by specifying an [environment variable](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/environment-variables) named `SEGMENT_DOWNLOAD_TIMEOUT_MINS` with timeout value in minutes.
```
